c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.exe.config
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.exe
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.pdb
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.g.resources
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.exe
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3.pdb
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\PaintBrush.g.cs
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\obj\Debug\PaintBrush.baml
C:\Users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Speech.dll
C:\Users\troja\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\ArteCognitivoHackPuebla3\bin\Debug\Affdex.dll
